1|OK, first question. We all enjoyed the (relatively speaking) sparkly toilets available in the Reserved Camping area. For 100 points, can you recite the five word movie review found on the back of one of the toilet doors? (Bonus letters clue: 3,5,1,3,2) |Toy Story 2 was OK |'The Prospector' character appeared in this film (and might have influenced the lacklustre review). 
2|Keeping with the toilet doors for a mo, who, according to one thoughtful user, 'is dope'? (Bonus letters clue: 3,4) |The Pope
3|You were at Boomtown so you must have seen the Sugar Hill Gang perform, right? Which artist did they imply hadn't been a founding bedrock of the hip-hop scene (they trolled the crowd into singing a bit of his most famous song anyway)? | Vanilla Ice|This artist's hit borrowed its famous riff from Queen's 'Under Pressure'.
4|On one of the nights, a tent within our camp was subjected to a long range attack using various thrown missiles. Which seven letter activity had prompted this attack? |Snoring |Close your eyes, think of a chainsaw crossed with a tractor, and you're getting there...
5|Multiple choice this time. The bar opposite the Old Mine was frequented by a drunken man and his sidekick, which was... A: a manky pony, covered in bells. B: a horny inflatable flamingo. C: an injured pigeon he kept in a shoebox.  Answer A, B or C| A |Sorry, no hints on this question. And you've lost 50 points just for asking... sucks, eh?
6|Cassie spent significant time over the weekend trying to learn a straightforward poi trick. She failed, but in doing so she did (unintentionally) invent a branch new poi move. What did she christen it? | The Cassie | Lots of music artists go for a similar tack when naming their first albums....
7|Let's do another multi choice. Cassie told a beautiful story about Andy having attempted to seduce her one night by pulling down his pants to his knees and gyrating in her general direction, without realising that his pants were displaying some serious skid marks. As a result did he.... A: Get forced to handwash his pants separately from the main wash?  B: Get Laid? C: Get banned from the bedroom for a week? Answer A, B or C| B |Sorry, no hints on this question. And you've lost 50 points just for asking... sucks, eh?
8|Which hitherto forgotton drink of the nineties staged an impressive comeback in the bars of Boomtown 2017? I want the (awesome) flavour as well as the brand (Bonus letters clue: 4,4,5) | Cola Cube Hooch | Nice red slushies were also available in the flavour - as for the brand, it was one of the original alcopops.
9|At the Robotika gig, the MC kept banging on about a particular goddess. I don't want her name though, that's too easy. What I want is you to tell me whether she is a Greek or a Roman goddess.| Greek |Sorry, no hints on this question. And you've lost 50 points just for asking... sucks, eh?
10|In The Bad Apple establishment, the bar itself had been decorated to look like lots of...? | Barrels |Think of idiots and Niagra...
11|In the Royal Court we witnessed the power and grace of Georgie, the Champion Sock Wrestler. What substance was liberally applied to the bumhole of his defeated opponent? | Chilli Powder | Let's say that afterwards, even though he hadn't changed, he was now wearing hot pants...
12|What time in the AM were we kicked out of the D'n'B forest and told to go home, like it was a nightclub and not an actual forest.. I mean, what were they wanting to do? Mop the floor? Give me your answer as the word, not the number please. | Four |Sorry, no hints on this question. And you've lost 50 points just for asking... sucks, eh?
13|Gemma Campbell wore an EL-wire powered costume one night - which object did she wrap in green EL wire to serve as an accessory? (Bonus letters clue: 2,8)| An umbrella | Rhianna would have approved...
14|Next question: How late was Dave C for his second shift at Boomtown? Numbers should be written as words...| Two hours |Sorry, no hints on this question. And you've lost 50 points just for asking... sucks, eh?
15|OK, Last Question: At the Newton Faulkner set, some geezer got up on stage but was manhandled off by some roadies before his intentions were made clear. What did Newton think he wanted? Was it A: To announce an engagement? B: To correct Newton on a misspoken lyric? or C: To touch Newton's dick? Answer A, B or C| C |Sorry, no hints on this question. And you've lost 50 points just for asking... sucks, eh?
16|Well, that's it. The end. The maximum score possible was 1500 points - your final score is shown below. Were you a Behind The Mask know-it-all, or a Chapter 9 doofus? Share your score with your friends to find out. If you'd like to try again, text back 'new game'. |Sorry, no hints - it's the end of the game!
